fix(tutorials): update tags and fix typos MTA-1590 (#226)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/ruby-on-rails-instant-app/index.mdx

- [unicorn: Rack HTTP server for fast clients and Unix](http://unicorn.bogomips.org/)
- [nginx configuration](http://wiki.nginx.org/Configuration)

> This image does not contain databases, because we can't really know which one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This image does not contain databases, allowing you instead to install the database of your choice.
```

> you prefer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
